Debugging Node: Remove References to Debugging with Chrome (#30415)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: nodeJS/introduction_to_nodeJS/debugging_node.md

Reviewer: The knowledge check question (both wording and link) needs changing due to the removal of Chrome/Node debugging in the intro

```md
- [What can you use to debug Node?](#introduction)
```

### Introduction

> Up until this point, you've likely only relied on the browser's DevTools to debug your code.<span id="two-ways"> When it comes to debugging Node and server side code, VS Code has a handy built-in debugger that you can use to debug directly in your editor! Additionally, you can also set Google Chrome up to debug Node and get the full benefits of the Chrome DevTools, but this is beyond the scope of this lesson. </span> Ultimately, this lesson will familiarize you with the VS Code Node debugger, which is a critical tool at this point in your learning, and will likely be a key tool you use daily in your professional life.

Reviewer: Needed to actually remove all references to using the Chrome debugger for Node purposes.

But while we're at it, also tweaked the overall wording to better flow with the rest of the curriculum since people may have used the VSC debugger already at parts.
```suggestion
Up until this point, you've may have only relied on the browser's DevTools to debug your code. When it comes to debugging Node and server side code, VS Code has a handy built-in debugger that you can use to debug directly in your editor! Hopefully you'll have also made use of this at some points earlier in the curriculum already, but ultimately, this lesson will familiarize you with the VS Code Node debugger, which is a critical tool at this point in your learning, and will likely be a key tool you use daily in your professional life.
```
